I didn't do anything well you you asked
me for my ID I showed you my ID you need
this is what it's like for Palestinians
in Israeli occupied territories every
day of the year arbitrary Security
checks a daily ordeal especially for
young Palestinian men but since hamas's
attack on Israelis and the start of the
war on Gaza earlier this month
Palestinian movement has been restricted
around occupied East
Jerusalem no
photo no photo palestin Ians say they're
not going out unless they have to to
avoid arrest checkpoints and harassment
from Angry
Israelis are careful not to move at
night and the market here at
5:00 close and the movement is very
minimal and even the movements around in
the in Jerusalem and around is minimal
also because the people are staying at
home afraid of you know what what what
might happen to them especially we are
under
military
act shaken up from an earlier incident
with what she describes as an aggressive
Israeli police officer this mother of
seven says she's running errands herself
to avoid her family members leaving
home there is no safety not for the
children not for the Youth not for the
elderly I'm afraid afraid it will get
even worse the old city is usually
bustling at this time of the year with a
smell of incense and spices in the air
but the tourists have gone and so have
all the pilgrims that would normally be
here to visit the holy scy now since the
attack by Hamas and the war on Gaza
locals living here now say that they
fear for their safety and what's Yet to
Come Adan tells us he feels the
situation has worsened for Palestinians
[Applause]
already on Sunday he was was chased by a
large group of Israeli settlers while on
his way to work at an Israeli
Supermarket he says it was the first
time that this has ever happened to
him an Israeli settler shouted you're an
Arab an Arab I ignored him but he
followed me then I ran and a group of
other settlers chased me a security
guard came over shouting while pointing
a gun at my face and forced me to the
ground it was discrimination only
because I'm Palestinian
Adan says just a few days before this
incident he was also surrounded by a
group of Israeli forces during a stop
check while in his car before finally
being let go Israeli forces have killed
at least five Palestinians and made more
than 100 arrests in occupied East
Jerusalem in less than 2 weeks and with
farri right groups calling on Israelis
to attack Palestinians they come across
regardless of age Palestinians are
worried that they'll be collectively
punished more than they already have
been Sarat Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz